Why should you choose me as an intern?

I love programming, and so I'd love to program for you. I've been a Linux user
since I was 13 years old, and my dotfiles[^1] can attest to this. Playing around
with Vim and shell scripts, among a myriad of other languages, has taught me the
joy of computing. I've heard that Ruby aims to facilitate the joy of programming
as well, and though I haven't written any sizable amount of software in Ruby or
Rails, I do have a few small projects which might be relevant.

I've written a short web scraper in Ruby which collects information on the
California DMV's available locations and appointments[^2]. Using the Google
Distance Matrix API (this unfortunately requires a corresponding API key), this
web scraper sorts the offices by distance from a given address (specified in a
yaml config file). This scraper can even send an email to a specified address,
if it finds that the two closest offices have appointments available on a
specified date.

I also have a very unfinished project involving Rails: an online implementation
of Spellbinder, a turn-based game in which wizards make hand signs to cast
spells against each other[^3]. However, as far as web development is concerned,
I used devise to implement user authentication and simply handled the turn-based
sign inputs with forms. Unfortunately, I got too caught up trying to implement
the rules of the game itself to go much further with the development. When it
came to handling the rules of the game, I used rspec to (perhaps clumsily)
handle test cases and found byebug and pry to be useful for debugging.

In terms of projects which don't involve Ruby, my most notable one is probably
rolf, a terminal file manager which displays images with the kitty image
protocol[^4]. Written in Rust, this project won't currently run on macOS, since
it relies on a Linux-specific system call to find the width and height of the
terminal in pixels (which is used when resizing preview images to fit within the
screen). This project is still a WIP, so it's not in a very usable state to
anyone except me right now. However, GitHub Actions is set up to automatically
make a new Linux build and place it on the releases page whenever a new commit
is pushed.

As an intern, I intend to learn more about the skills involved in Software
Engineering and then provide value using these skills. This includes the
technical skills used with Ruby, Rails, and git, as well as better programming
practices like TDD and robust CI/CD, none of which I have explored to their full
extent. But this also extends to the soft skills necessary for communication and
organization, all of which I can significantly improve at this internship.

Also, I'm a third-year Software Engineering major at Chapman University, so I
have some qualification for this internship.

[^1]: My dotfiles are available at https://github.com/Superchig/dotfiles.

[^2]: My DMV scraper can be found at https://github.com/Superchig/dmv-scraper.

[^3]: My very incomplete Spellbinder implementation is available at:
      https://github.com/Superchig/spellbinder-rails.

[^4]: The rolf file manager (and a preview gif) are available at:
      https://github.com/Superchig/rolf
